Edits and new content for General, Python, and SQL (#808)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/encapsulation/encapsulation.md

  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

**Encapsulation** is one of the four principles of [object-oriented programming (OOP)](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/object-oriented-programming) which emphasize modularity and hiding away of complexities in order to better maintain and reason about code.

> Most of the time encapsulation can be achieved by creating [classes](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/class) and naming private and public [methods](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/method) (or getters and setters) for our systems to interact.

Author: What about something like this?

```suggestion
Most of the time encapsulation can be achieved by creating [classes](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/class) with an overarching design structure that includes private and public [methods](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/method) (or getters and setters) for our systems to interact.
```

> Most of the time encapsulation can be achieved by creating [classes](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/class) and naming private and public [methods](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/method) (or getters and setters) for our systems to interact.

Reviewer: Sure
